END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (EULA)

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.

By installing, copying, or otherwise using this software application ("Software"),
you agree to be bound by the terms of this End-User License Agreement ("Agreement").
If you do not agree, do not install or use the Software.

1. LICENSE GRANT
   You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to install and use
   this Software for personal or internal business purposes only.

2. RESTRICTIONS
   - You may not modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software.
   - You may not rent, lease, distribute, or sublicense the Software without prior written consent.
   - You may not use the Software for unlawful purposes.

3. OWNERSHIP
   This Software is owned and copyrighted by Bibek Chand Sah.
   All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

4. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
   INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
   IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING
   FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

6. TERMINATION
   This license will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any of its terms.
   Upon termination, you must uninstall and destroy all copies of the Software.

By using this Software, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Agreement
and agree to be bound by its terms.

©2025 Bibek Chand Sah. All rights reserved.
